Update the specification (#406)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata: docs/spec/spec.md

```ballerina
public isolated function toRecord(xml xmlValue, boolean preserveNamespaces = true, typedesc<record {}> returnType = <>) returns returnType|Error
```

The XML value may not have a key to convert JSON data. Hence, Ballerina uses a default key as a `#content` to handle this case.

Let's consider this,
```ballerina
xml x3 = xml `<ns0:bookStore status="online" xmlns:ns0="http://sample.com/test">Book</ns0:bookStore>`;
record{} result = check xmldata:toRecord(x3);
```
Output of this is,
```ballerina
{"ns0:bookStore":{"_xmlns_ns0":"http://sample.com/test","_status":"online","#content":"Book"}}
```

> Here, `Book` does not have a key. So, JSON data introduces a key as `#content`. In this scenario, a user can't use a Ballerina closed record to get the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `Book` does not have a key. So, JSON data introduces a key as `#content`. but it is not mapped to any field in the Ballerina record. If the user needs to convert these XML values to a Ballerina record, it should be an open record with other fields.
```

> Since the `#` is used to add API Doc comments in Ballerina, the record can't be initialized with a field name that starts with `#`.
> Hence, the user has to use an open record to overcome this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
